.\"                                      Hey, EMACS: -*- nroff -*-
.\" (C) Copyright 2021 Marcelo Zimbres Silva <mzimbres@gmail.com>,
.\"
.\" See http://www.debian.org/doc/manuals/maint-guide/dother.en.html#manpage1
.\"
.\" 1. Use this as the template for the manpage for <commandname> after
.\"    renaming this file to <commandname>.1 (if it is for section 1).
.\"
.\" 2. List the path to this file in debian/<packagename>.manpages to
.\"    install this manpage to the target binary package.
.\"
.\" First parameter, SMMS, should be all caps
.\" Second parameter, SECTION, should be 1-8, maybe w/ subsection
.\" other parameters are allowed: see man(7), man(1)
.TH SMMS 1 "29 May 2021"
.\" Please adjust this date whenever revising the manpage.
.\"
.\" Some roff macros, for reference:
.\" .nh        disable hyphenation
.\" .hy        enable hyphenation
.\" .ad l      left justify
.\" .ad b      justify to both left and right margins
.\" .nf        disable filling
.\" .fi        enable filling
.\" .br        insert line break
.\" .sp <n>    insert n+1 empty lines
.\" for manpage-specific macros, see man(7)
.SH NAME
smms \- Simple multimedia server.
.SH SYNOPSIS
.B smms
.RI [ options ] " file"
.SH DESCRIPTION
.PP
.\" TeX users may be more comfortable with the \fB<whatever>\fP and
.\" \fI<whatever>\fP escape sequences to invode bold face and italics,
.\" respectively.
\fBsmms\fP simple multimedia server
.sp 1
A very simple single-threaded HTTP server to `POST` and `GET` files
from. Image resizing functionality is also provided.
.br
.SH OPTIONS
.\"These programs follow the usual GNU command line syntax, with long options starting with two dashes (`-').
Please see the config file.

.SH AUTHOR
Written by Marcelo Zimbres Silva <mzimbres@gmail.com>.

.SH COPYRIGHT
Copyright © 2020 Marcelo Zimbres Silva,
License GPLv3+: GNU GPL version 3 or later <https://gnu.org/licenses/gpl.html>.
This is free software: you are free to change and redistribute it.
There is NO WARRANTY, to the extent permitted by law.

.SH SEE ALSO
The source code is available at <https://github.com/mzimbres/smms>
